docs/index.rst, before:

.. ##########################
.. easy-as-pypi Documentation
.. ##########################

.. .. |easy-as-pypi| replace:: ``easy-as-pypi``
.. .. _easy-as-pypi: https://github.com/landonb/easy-as-pypi

.. Documentation for |easy-as-pypi|_.

.. .. toctree::
..    :maxdepth: 4
..    :caption: Package Documentation

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :hidden:

   Installation <installation>
   API Reference <modules>
   Help Us Improve <contributing>
   Code of Conduct <code-of-conduct>
   Developer Credits <authors>
   Software License <license>
   Project History <history>

.. include:: ../README.rst

.. There's a :caption: option for a header in the left nav-bar. Meh.
..
..    :caption: Package Documentation

.. Indices and tables
.. ==================
..
.. The general index, an A-Z list of API keywords, is not
.. super useful for this library, which is not very complicated.
..
..    * :ref:`genindex`
..
.. The module index is similar to the modules.rst TOC entry.
..
..    * :ref:`modindex`
..
.. There's a search in the left-hand sidebar, and in any case
.. following the link to the `search` page shows no results,
.. but also shows no search input control, so this is useless.
..
..   * :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Refactor: Rename easy-as-pypi → easy-as-pypi-config et al.

docs/index.rst, after:

.. ##########################
.. easy-as-pypi-config Documentation
.. ##########################

.. .. |easy-as-pypi-config| replace:: ``easy-as-pypi-config``
.. .. _easy-as-pypi-config: https://github.com/tallybark/easy-as-pypi-config

.. Documentation for |easy-as-pypi-config|_.

.. .. toctree::
..    :maxdepth: 4
..    :caption: Package Documentation

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :hidden:

   Installation <installation>
   API Reference <modules>
   Help Us Improve <contributing>
   Code of Conduct <code-of-conduct>
   Developer Credits <authors>
   Software License <license>
   Project History <history>

.. include:: ../README.rst

.. There's a :caption: option for a header in the left nav-bar. Meh.
..
..    :caption: Package Documentation

.. Indices and tables
.. ==================
..
.. The general index, an A-Z list of API keywords, is not
.. super useful for this library, which is not very complicated.
..
..    * :ref:`genindex`
..
.. The module index is similar to the modules.rst TOC entry.
..
..    * :ref:`modindex`
..
.. There's a search in the left-hand sidebar, and in any case
.. following the link to the `search` page shows no results,
.. but also shows no search input control, so this is useless.
..
..   * :ref:`search`
